We have a new project which requires an interface running on node.js to googleapis Calander.  The first requirement is for node to access one calendar and retrieve busy information.

If successful we will move on to building an oAuth Client (mobile) interface that will work via the node.js proxy.

We are looking to work with a partner who can supplement our own technical resources when we are busy.


I will describe the project in more detail for you.

We require a node.js module that has only one dependency, the googleapis module.  The module will need to authenticate into a google calendars which will have events for a number of resources, the module will return the scheduled events for a given period.

The oAuth credentials will be stored by the module and if the credential session is not open at the time of a request then the module will authenticate to google.

We would like to know if updates to the calendar outside of this App (i.e.. by a user directly on the google calendar App will be updated....can we avoid making calls to google every time there is a request from node?).

Please let us know if you need more information before starting.

If we can agree on the above we can contract you for this piece of work.

This is our first use of oDesk, and if successful we will repeat with similar work.

Best Regards
Peter

Hi Vladyslav,

Please let me know how you will deliver this & what testing we can undertake.

I have created a calendar, stoneleaf.test@gmail.com with a password of odesktest

There will be unto 5 types of events in the Calendar, each represent a person. I have put some same events in for next week.

Usage of the API will indicate what periods are free for who.

Best Regards
Peter

OFFER DETAILS

Client: Peter Alderson (Stoneleaf IT Limited)
Freelancer: Vladyslav Kazantsev
Job Posting: Node.js googleapis OAuth Interface
Contract Title: Node.js googleapis OAuth Interface
Estimated Budget: $150.00

Milestone 1: "Node.js googleapis OAuth Interface" -  $150.00 (funded)




This offer will expire on Saturday, April 25, 2015.
Review and accept this offer to start working now!